<b> Reflection </b> <p>

<b> What was the most important thing you learned about working in 3D space with Three.js? How is this different from working in 2D (Canvas or Phaser)? </b> <br>
Working with 3D spaces is new to me and I really enjoyed it. Prior to this material, my understanding of Three.js was extremely limited and I honestly had no idea what was possible. I really dislike working in Canvas and Phaser, but loved the 3D modeling aspect of this. 3D modeling is much more fun than working in 2D, in my opinion. I am so excited to expand on this now that I have an understanding of the basics. 

<b>What was the most challenging part of this project (camera positioning, lighting, model loading, scale, rotation, debugging)? How did you work through it? Did you use Gen AI? How and why?</b><br>
I struggled with camera positioning and debugging to run the Live Server. The camera position was mainly due to working in Blender using a trackpad rather than a real mouse, and generally learning the program. The debugging issues took the most time to resolve, but eventually all of my files were named correctly and all file paths were working. I also struggled to adjust the lighting in Three.js, as I had assumed that it would have translated more like my Blender render. Unfortunately I spent a lot of time adding details in Blender that did not translate to the live model. 

<b>Describe the intention behind your scene. What were you trying to create visually or experientially? How did your use of shapes, motion, and models support that goal?</b><br>
I recently saw this Blender tutorial online (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VIJNnPXfqI) and I really wanted to follow along with it, so this felt like a good opportuniy. The art style also fits some of the work that I've been making recently for this class, with pastel colors and a dreamy theme. I added the clouds and sun detailing to meet the assignment requirements, but also to expand on the original scene and test some of the things that I learned while making the island model. Although this was not as experimental as it could have been, I am very happy with it for being my first finished 3D model and first time using Three.js.

<b>If you had more time, what would you improve or add next? What part of Three.js are you most interested in exploring further?</b><br> For my next 3D project I would like to make something completely original rather than working off a tutorial, and I would like to better understand lighting in Three.js. After this assignment, I feel like I will not want to go back to working in 2D. I am currently in (very) early stages of making a 2D pixel game for fun, but now I am wondering if I want to switch to 3D for the project, or find a way to incorporate both.
